improve trainer callbacks docs with precise descriptions (#24122)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/usage/callbacks.md

| `on_train_start`            | Triggered when the training starts, before the first [epoch](https://www.ultralytics.com/glossary/epoch) begins.                                                                     |
| `on_train_epoch_start`      | Triggered at the start of each training [epoch](https://www.ultralytics.com/glossary/epoch), before batch iteration begins.                                                          |
| `on_train_batch_start`      | Triggered at the start of each training batch, before the forward pass.                                                                                                              |
| `optimizer_step`            | Triggered during the optimizer step. Reserved for custom integrations; not called by the default training loop.                                                                       |
| `on_before_zero_grad`       | Triggered before gradients are zeroed. Reserved for custom integrations; not called by the default training loop.                                                                     |

> | `on_train_batch_end`        | Triggered at the end of each training batch, after the backward pass and optimizer step.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This description is too strong for accumulated-gradient training. `on_train_batch_end` runs on every batch, but `self.optimizer_step()` only runs when the accumulation boundary is reached, so many batches hit this callback without any optimizer step yet. That makes the new wording inaccurate for users writing batch-level hooks. ([github.com](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/blob/main/ultralytics/engine/trainer.py))

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
| `on_train_batch_end`        | Triggered at the end of each training batch, after the batch backward pass. The optimizer step may only occur on accumulation boundaries.                                         |
```

| `on_train_epoch_end`        | Triggered at the end of each training epoch, after all batches are processed but **before** validation. Validation metrics and fitness may not be available yet.                       |
| `on_model_save`             | Triggered when the model checkpoint is saved, after validation.                                                                                                                       |

> | `on_fit_epoch_end`          | Triggered at the end of each fit epoch (train + val), **after** validation, model saving, and scheduler updates. Validation metrics and fitness are available. Also called during final evaluation of the best model. |

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This overstates what callers can rely on. `on_fit_epoch_end` is also fired from `final_eval()`, where no model save happens and `fitness` has already been removed from `self.metrics`, so saying both model saving and fitness are always available here will still mislead callback authors. ([github.com](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/blob/main/ultralytics/engine/trainer.py))

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
| `on_fit_epoch_end`          | Triggered at the end of each fit epoch (train + val), after validation and any checkpoint save. Validation metrics are available; during final best-model evaluation, `fitness` may already be absent. |
```
